HTML 5 Introduction
What is HTML?
HTML is a markup language for describing web documents.
HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language
A markup language is a set of markup tags
HTML documents are described by HTML tags
Each HTML tag describes different document content
What is  in HTML?
The DOCTYPE declaration defines the document type to be HTML
The  declaration help the browser to display a web page correctly.
There are different document types on the web.
To display a document correctly, the browser must know both type and version.
Both type and version
The doctype declaration is not case sensitive. All cases are acceptable.
In this section I will work on lists, images, tables, text formatting, and etc.
At the end of this section I will work on project and you will be create a simple sport website with HTML.